Add use-case diagrams and update the documentations (#20)
wso2/integration-studio-examples: migration/mule/data-handling-basics/README.md

increase your familiarity with Integration Studio, consider completing one or more 
[WSO2 EI Tutorials](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/use-cases/integration-use-cases/).

### Example Use Case

> In this example you will learn on working with query parameters, file operations using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you will learn how to work with query parameters, file operations using 

```

Author: fixed

[File connector](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/esbconnector/details/5d6de1a4-1fa7-434e-863f-95c8533d3df2), 

> variable assignments and processing XML and JSON payloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable assignments, and processing XML and JSON payloads.

```

Author: Fixed.

![DataHandlingBasicsUseCase](../resources/images/data-handling-basics/data-handling-basics-use-case.png?raw=true "DataHandlingBasicsUseCase")

### Set up and run the example

1. Start WSO2 Integration Studio ([Installing WSO2 Integration Studio](https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/micro-integrator/develop/installing-WSO2-Integration-Studio/)).
2. In your menu in Studio, click the **File** menu. In the File menu select the **Import...** item.
3. In the Import window select the **Existing WSO2 Projects into workspace** under **WSO2** folder.

> 4. Browse and select the file path to the downloaded sample of this github project (``integration-studio-examples/migration/mule/data-handling-basics``).

Reviewer: Change "github" to "GitHub" everywhere.

Also, this might not always reside in GitHub if we are having a doc space and a downloadable ZIP file right? If so, should we change the wording to reflect that?

Author: Let's keep this until we get doc space.
